# CongestionFinder
Script used for research project at UC Irvine looking at patterns of congestion between ISP/content provider pairs. Uses MANIC (Measurement and Analysis of Internet Congestion) API by CAIDA (Center for Applied Internet Data Analysis).

    This program finds instances of interdomain congestion in the given number of preceeding months between
    network-ASN pairs, and outputs the resulting time period, congestion measurement and visualization links
    to a .xls file in a new directory titled 'congestion' followed by the date and time of the program's
    execution.

    The number of preceeding months the search is conducted on can be changed by altering
    the MONTHS variable. The difference between the start and end dates can be a maximum of 30 days, so the
    final result is constructed by parsing as many queries as there are months.

    The program uses the input to contruct a query for the /asrt method in the MANIC API. The result is parsed
    to find instances of nonzero congestion. It also creates an appropriate URL to the MANIC visualization tool,
    which can be found in the .xls file titled with network name. Each sheet in .xls file refers to an ASN that
    the network is associated with. If no instances of congestion are found, the file is not saved.

    Two visualization links per detected instance of congestion are generated. One link specifies day-level
    granularity and displays the visualization on the day of instance of congestion. The other link specifies
    month level granularity, displaying the visualizaion of the month surrounding the instance (15 days prior
    to and following instance).
    
    The .xls file is manipulated using the xlwt library [pip install xlwt].
    The names of the network-ASN pairs are generated by calling the /monitors method of the MANIC API.
